README.md, before:

// Header Design 1

<h1 align="center">Project Name</h1>

<p align="center">A one line description of the project.</p>

<p align="center"><a href="#site">Check It Out!</a> | <a href="#documentation">Read the Docs</a></p>


// Header Design 2

# Project Name
> One line description of the project.


// Repo badges

[![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome) [![Travis Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/{ORG-or-USERNAME}/{REPO-NAME}.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/{ORG-or-USERNAME}/{REPO-NAME}) [![Appveyor Build Status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/%7B%7Bstatus_id%7D%7D)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/%7B%7Busername%7D%7D/%7B%7Bproject_name%7D%7D) [![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/{ORG-or-USERNAME}/{REPO-NAME}](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/dwyl/?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge) [![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/satwikkansal/readme_styles.svg?style=social&label=Fork)](https://github.com/satwikkansal/readme_styles) [![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/satwikkansal/readme_styles.svg?style=social&label=Star)](https://github.com/readme_styles) [![GitHub tag](https://img.shields.io/github/tag/satwikkansal/readme_styles.svg)](https://github.com/satwikkansal/readme_styles)
[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/satwikkansal/readme_styles.svg)](https://github.com/satwikkansal/readme_styles)


// Project Logo

![logo](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/59/Logo-Logo.svg)


// Project Video

[![vido_thumbnail](https://c1.staticflickr.com/3/2154/2054140257_58e87296b6.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SjORe3_2bQc)

// Body

## Prerequisites

Mention what things you need to install the software and how to install them.

```
Add commands and links required.
```

## Installation

```sh
> describe the installation instructions
```

## Usage

Basic usage instructions to help people to just get started using your project.

## Contributing

All patches welcome! Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](link_to_contributing_file) for furthers details.

## License

LICENSE NAME - see the [LICENSE.md](https://github.com/atom/atom/blob/master/LICENSE) file for details

// or

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)

## Acknowledgements

- Inspiration
- People who helped
- References to code reused

Commit message:

Update Installation instructions and add link to wiki

README.md, after:

// Header Design 1

<h1 align="center">Project Name</h1>

<p align="center">A one line description of the project.</p>

<p align="center"><a href="#site">Check It Out!</a> | <a href="#documentation">Read the Docs</a></p>


// Header Design 2

# Project Name
> One line description of the project.


// Repo badges

[![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome) [![Travis Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/{ORG-or-USERNAME}/{REPO-NAME}.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/{ORG-or-USERNAME}/{REPO-NAME}) [![Appveyor Build Status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/%7B%7Bstatus_id%7D%7D)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/%7B%7Busername%7D%7D/%7B%7Bproject_name%7D%7D) [![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/{ORG-or-USERNAME}/{REPO-NAME}](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/dwyl/?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge) [![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/satwikkansal/readme_styles.svg?style=social&label=Fork)](https://github.com/satwikkansal/readme_styles) [![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/satwikkansal/readme_styles.svg?style=social&label=Star)](https://github.com/readme_styles) [![GitHub tag](https://img.shields.io/github/tag/satwikkansal/readme_styles.svg)](https://github.com/satwikkansal/readme_styles)
[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/satwikkansal/readme_styles.svg)](https://github.com/satwikkansal/readme_styles)


// Project Logo

![logo](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/59/Logo-Logo.svg)


// Project Video

[![vido_thumbnail](https://c1.staticflickr.com/3/2154/2054140257_58e87296b6.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SjORe3_2bQc)

// Body

## Prerequisites

Mention what things you need to install the software and how to install them.

```
Add commands and links required.
```

## Installation

Operating System:

```sh
> commands to install the project
```

Another OS:

```sh
$ commands to install the project
```

## Usage

Basic usage instructions to help people to just get started using your project.

For more examples and usage, please refer to the [Wiki](https://github.com/yourname/yourproject/wiki).

## Contributing

All patches welcome! Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](link_to_contributing_file) for furthers details.

## License

LICENSE NAME - see the [LICENSE.md](https://github.com/atom/atom/blob/master/LICENSE) file for details

// or

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)

## Acknowledgements

- Inspiration
- People who helped
- References to code reused
